[♪♪♪]
JAY:
I spy something white.
[SIGHS]
Could you try to be quiet
for once? This ain’t easy.
[SPLASHING]
Oh,
I spy something broken.
If sensei knows the way
to the next golden weapon,
why isn’t he steering
the ship?
We’ve been drifting
aimlessly for miles.
Sensei’s wisdom
is beyond my own.
The most powerful move
in spinjitzu
can only be accomplished when
all four elements are combined:
Earth.
Ice.
Fire.
Lightning.
What happens when
they’re combined?
The tornado of creation.
The power to create something
out of nothing.
[GRUNTING]
No, Kai.
If done incorrectly,
it will lead to disastrous
consequences.
Disastrous consequences?
Right.
[LOUD CRASH]
Uh, it wasn’t me.
Did I do that?
No.
We are here.
[♪♪♪]
COLE:
Whoa.
Looks like someone’s
already been here.
The Shurikens.
[ROARS]
[ALL SCREAMING]
COLE:
Ow.
ZANE:
We are being followed.
JAY
Let’s go!
Ha! All right!
[ROARS]
Whoa! Oh!
[JAY SCREAMS]
[♪♪♪]
[LAUGHS]
[BEATING TABLAS]
Uh-huh.
[LAUGHING]
Look at this.
Come on, sensei.
Join us.
There is still
one weapon left.
We must get our sleep.
Oh, sensei, look,
you gotta admit
we’re kicking
their bony butts.
Get up here.
Show us some moves.
I guess I could.
Now this move
is very special.
But if done incorrectly, will it
lead to disastrous consequences?
[ALL LAUGH]
Oh, Zane. Is that a joke?
A sense of humor?
You found it.
Shake what your mama
gave you, yeah.
Look at this one now.
Mm, hoo-hoo, yeah.
Spin round. Oh, yeah.
I put my feet--
[LAUGHS]
[SNORING]
NYA [WHISPERING]: Kai.
Kai.
Huh? Huh?
Was that...?
I have to go.
Nya! Wait up!
[PANTING]
Slow down.
Why are you running so fast?
Nya, where are you?
NYA:Kai.
Nya?
[CREAKING]
Nya!
Don’t worry,
I’m right here...
GARMADON:
...brother.
[CHUCKLES]
Garmadon.
Forgot something?
You can’t hurt me here.
You’re banished,
trapped in the Underworld.
And that is why you
are going to remove
the Sword of Fire for me.
I don’t think so!
Are you sure about that?
Kai!
Nya!
GARMADON: If you don’t remove
the sword, how else will you
cut the chains
to save your precious
little sister?
You know it’s a trap.
I can free myself!
[GRUNTS]
Okay, that’s tight.
[SCREAMS]
KAI: Nya!
GARMADON:
Tick-tock, tick-tock.
[♪♪♪]
Ninjago!
[GARMADON LAUGHS]
Stay close.
Trust me,
I’m not going anywhere.
You can’t hurt us.
You’re only a shadow.
GARMADON:
Even shadows have their uses.
Kai, look out!
Stay back, Nya.
Stay close, stay back.
Make up your mind.
That’s not fair.
Oh, am I being too hard?
[GROANING AND PANTING]
[♪♪♪]
[SQUAWKS]
[LAUGHS]
GARMADON:
Brother,
I see you protect one.
But what of the other three?
They are safe,
far from your grasp, Garmadon.
I wouldn’t be
so confident.
[GASP]
[CHUCKLES]
[GROANING]
I believe these belong
to Lord Garmadon now.
[SKELETONS CHEERING]
My brother must not
unite the four weapons.
We must keep them apart.
GARMADON:
Awaken, guardian of the deep!
They’re stealing the sword!
You must not let them escape!
[ROARS]
[SCREAMS]
There’s no way out. He’s taken
away all of our options.
All but one.
[SNARLS]
Sensei, what are you doing?
GARMADON:
No, you fool!
If he is to bring
the other weapons here,
then I will take the Sword
of Fire to the Underworld.
It is my sacrifice to bear.
No, it’s mine.
I shouldn’t have come on my own.
You don’t have to do this.
There has to be another way.
No!
Then I will see you there,
brother.
It’s all my fault. Sensei won’t
be able to hold out for long.
Forget sensei, what about us?
[ROARS]
[GRUNTS]
To the fire temple!
ALL:
Yeah!
My brother has taken the Sword
of Fire to the Underworld.
Hurry. Return home and unite the
weapons before it’s too late.
Uh, change of plans.
To the Underworld!
ALL:
Yeah!
Huh?
What happened to your weapon?
[COUGHING]
COLE:
Great. Now what?
Now we get out of here.
Uh, Jay? Before you do that,
you might wanna--
[ALL SCREAM]
[ALL GROANING]
--warn us.
Let’s go.
[♪♪♪]
Faster!
We need to go faster to cross
over to the Underworld.
COLE:
There they are.
More speed!
We’ll never get home
at this rate.
[ENGINE REVVING]
What’s wrong?
Get them!
JAY:
Ninjago!
Oh! Okay, that’s why
they make keys.
Hey, Cole--
[COUGHING]
[LAUGHS]
Jay. Sorry.
I didn’t see you.
Greetings.
Whoa!
[SCREAMS]
[LAUGHS]
[TIRES SCREECH]
[ALL SCREAMING]
[SIGHS]
[THUNDER CRASHING]
[WHEEZING INDISTINCTLY]
You don’t need
to say it.
I know.
We’ve lost.
[♪♪♪]
Hm.
The Underworld.
[SKELETONS GRUMBLING]
Kai! Sensei!
The Sword of Fire was here
as well our friends,
but I only sense loss.
We are too late.
The elemental weapons
have left this realm
and are now
in the Underworld.
Te end is drawing near.
[SIGHS]
Great.
The one place no mortal
can cross over.
KAI:
We may not be able
to cross over...
[RUMBLING]
but a dragon can.
[ROARS]
[SCREAMING]
Our father used to tell us
stories about the dragons,
how they were mystical creatures
that belonged to both worlds
and ferried between them.
Are you insane?
Once he realized we were trying
to protect the Sword of Fire,
he actually became
quite a softy.
[LAUGHING]
Knock it off.
[GIGGLING]
[WHEEZING INDISTINCTLY
AND COUGHING]
He cannot talk, but he wants
to know if you like blue.
It’s my favorite color.
Yes.
Nya?
This is goodbye, isn’t it?
Come back to me
in one piece, okay?
I don’t want to have
to run the store on my own.
I promise I won’t
be gone for long.
I’ll keep a candle lit outside
our shop until you return.
You guys go on ahead.
There’s not room enough
for us on that thing.
[SNARLS]
You’re right, Cole.
But I got a way
to fix that.
Easy. Not so fast.
Whoa! This is awesome!
ZANE:
Yes, this is quite fun.
KAI:
Whoo, hoo-hoo-hoo!
So how do the dragons
cross over to the Underworld?
I think we’re about
to find out!
[ALL SCREAM]
Is it over?
Hardly. I hope these dragons
know what they’re doing.
[♪♪♪]
They’re speeding up.
Hold on.
[ALL SCREAM]
[GRUNTING]
COLE:
Solid ground! We made it!
ZANE:
Sensei’s inside.
They’re expecting us.
Hold up.
Nothing get through
without inspection.
Ninja search.
[BARRELS TUMBLING]
Okay, clear to pass.
[SIGHS]
[WHEEZING INDISTINCTLY]
Can I be the first to say
it’s been an absolute pleasure
since Jay
lost his voice?
Ugh! Whoa!
[ALL SCREAM]
[ALL COUGHING]
Uh, if there are more
than one ninja,
is it "ninjas"
or just "ninja"?
I think it’s just "ninja."
Oh. Okay.
Then ninja!
[SKELETONS GRUMBLING]
COLE:
I count 10 boneheads
to every one of us.
I think I like
these odds.
Uh-oh. Anyone got
any bright ideas?
[GARMADON CHUCKLING]
GARMADON:
Brother.
Seize the sword.
[SKELETONS GRUMBLING]
Ninjago!
You’ll have to take it
from me.
My pleasure.
[SHOUTS]
Teach him a lesson.
Any ideas?
I’m still all ears.
[GRUNTING]
[WHEEZING INDISTINCTLY]
Huh?
You feel a weird sensation?
[SKELETONS GROWLING]
You ate an odd crustacean?
[WHEEZING INDISTINCTLY]
I got it, I got it:
Two natives on vacation. Huh?
[SIGHS]
Tornado of creation!
ALL:
Oh.
Welcome back.
But it could lead
to disastrous consequences.
We’re about to have
a disastrous consequence.
Let’s do this.
Earth!
KAI:
Fire!
Ice!
Lightning!
ALL:
Ninjago!
[♪♪♪]
[SKELETONS CHATTERING]
[SCREAMING]
[♪♪♪]
Huh?
[GRUNTS]
Aw.
Come on,
there’s no time to waste.
No. This is sensei’s fight.
[♪♪♪]
[SCREAMS]
[GASPS]
Bring me the four weapons.
No. You will obey me now.
[LAUGHING]
No one can handle
all of their power at once.
Selfish fool.
Did you think I wouldn’t plan
on your betrayal?
What’s happening to me?
You’ve fallen right
into my master plan.
Not even I can handle
all of their power.
But now that they are combined,
it’ll create a vortex
through space and time,
allowing me to finally escape
this ghastly place.
Uh-oh.
[SCREAMS]
Father would not want you
to do this, brother.
Father is no longer here.
Good and evil,
there has always
been a balance.
But where I go,
the balance can be destroyed.
Soon I will be strong enough
to possess the four weapons,
so I may recreate the world
in my image.
You.
You were always
his favorite.
He is gone,
but he will return.
Then we’ll be ready for him.
And keep an eye out in case he
has any more of his evil plans.
Then I have done my part.
The balance has been restored.
For now.
[♪♪♪]
[BIRDS CHIRPING]
[WINGS BEATING]
[♪♪♪]
Kai.
Hey, my turn.
[ALL CHEER AND APPLAUD]
I’m so happy you’re back.
For now.
But it’s not over.
Lord Garmadon will return.
And we’ll be ready for him.
[ALL CHEERING]
Yeah!
ALL:
Whoa!
[COUGHS]
Okay. We gotta remember
not to do that again.
COLE:
Ugh. Good idea.
Yeah we’ll stick
to high-fives instead.
ZANE: Agreed.
[ALL LAUGH]
ZANE:
Was that a joke?
♪ Jump back, do it again ♪
♪ Ninjago ♪
♪ Come on, come on ♪
♪ We gotta do it again ♪
♪ We’ll just jump up
Kick back, whip around ♪
♪ And spin ♪
♪ And then we jump back
Do it again ♪
♪ Jump up, kick back
Whip around and spin ♪